README.md, before:

# BrieShop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

added readme update and login form

README.md, after:

# Brie's Shopping App

#### By Derek Smith

#### Deployment

To start:
npm i
ng serve -o to open a server.
Navigate to http://localhost:4200.

## Description

A website to festure and display products. The User will be able to have saved accounts to login. Has a viewing section for product, with descriptions about each. Users will have a cart that stores selected product. The admin will have access to update the shopping database, and images.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- Clone this repository
- Run npm install
- Open Webpage

### Specs

| Spec                                                         | Input                         | Output                                 |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------- | :------------------------------------- |
| **The program takes the user input and puts it in an array** | Input: {Selected Merchandise} | Output: Cart: Merchandise Total: $$.\$ |

## Known Bugs

_There are no known bugs._

## Support and contact details

\_Derek Smith: Derek.Smith.Sea@gmail.com

## Technologies Used

\_HTML, JavaScript, Node

###Copyright (c) 2018 Derek Smith
